## Resume

A simple, modern, one-page* tech or software engineer PDF resume template for LaTeX, in Lato font.

The resume is broken up into the following sections:

* About: list name, location, phone number, email address, GitHub profile and LinkedIn profile.
* Experience: list out your work and other experience.
* Skills: list out programming languages, software and platforms you've used.
* Education: list out your college and degrees.

\* I recommend keeping a resume to a single page as it forces you to list only the most important things, and because people may not read your resume if it's too long. Personally, this resume format has worked well to at least get recruiter interviews when applying to both small and large tech companies (e.g Microsoft, Google, Square, Uber, Compass, etc.). I haven't seen any major issues being parsed by automated resume screeners. Of course, feel free to extend it to two or even three pages if you have significant experience.

## Usage

### Overleaf

1. Create a new project in Overleaf.
2. Copy `resume.tex` into your project.
3. Edit `resume.tex` with your information.
4. Click `Recompile` and download your generated PDF.

I currently use [Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/) for my resumes since it manages the entire LaTeX environment. If you'd like to compile it locally, please follow instructions on [The LaTeX Project](https://www.latex-project.org/get/) for installing your LaTeX environment and any dependencies.

## Customization

Right now the default font is Lato, but you can use any font you wish. Open Sans is another good choice (use it by adding `\usepackage[default,scale=0.9]{opensans}` to the top, for example)

## Sample Resume

Please see the link below for the sample resume PDF generated by the `.tex` code. It has most of an actual resume in it:

[Example Resume](https://github.com/dphang/resume/blob/master/resume-example.pdf)

## Contributing

Feel free to create a pull request if there are any improvements or additions you'd like to make.

## License and Credits

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

The resume template is based on another template, but I have since adapted it to better fit my needs. Unfortunately, after many years, I've forgotten where the original template came from. If parts of this template look familiar to you, please let me know and I will give credit accordingly.
